Add new generic setup function in SetupInterface (#22045)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/interfaces/SetupInterface.md

!listing framework/src/base/MooseApp.C start=MooseApp::registerExecFlags() end=void

The default value of "execute_on" is *linear* for most of MOOSE objects with the exception of:

- The auxiliary kernels have the default value of *linear* and *timestep_end*.

> - The postprocessors have default value of *timestep_end* and *transfer*.

Reviewer: is transfer default?

Author: No, my mistake. The code there is just allowing users to use `transfer` but not changing the default.

!listing framework/src/base/MooseApp.C start=MooseApp::registerExecFlags() end=void

The default value of "execute_on" is *linear* for most of MOOSE objects with few exceptions:

- The auxiliary kernels have the default value of *linear* and *timestep_end*.

> - The postprocessors have default value of  *linear* and *transfer*.

Author: That is based on the code in `UserObject::validParams()` and `Postprocessor::validParams()` though.

> - The postprocessors have default value of  *linear* and *transfer*.

Reviewer: ??
PP:
```
InputParameters
Postprocessor::validParams()
{
  InputParameters params = UserObject::validParams();
  params += OutputInterface::validParams();

  ExecFlagEnum & exec_enum = params.set<ExecFlagEnum>("execute_on", true);
  exec_enum.addAvailableFlags(EXEC_TRANSFER);

  params.addParamNamesToGroup("outputs", "Advanced");
  params.registerBase("Postprocessor");
  return params;
}
```

UO:
```
InputParameters
UserObject::validParams()
{
  InputParameters params = MooseObject::validParams();
  params += ReporterInterface::validParams();
  params += FunctorInterface::validParams();

  // Add the SetupInterface parameter, 'execute_on', and set it to a default of 'timestep_end'
  params += SetupInterface::validParams();
  params.set<ExecFlagEnum>("execute_on", true) = EXEC_TIMESTEP_END;

```

> - The postprocessors have default value of  *linear* and *transfer*.

Author: OH!

- The controls have default value of *initial* and *timestep_end*.
- The mult-apps have default value of *timestep_begin*.
- The user objects have default value of *timestep_end*.
- The outputs have default value of *initial* and *timestep_end*.

> - The default value for transfers is set to be the same of the execute_on value of its corresponding sub-applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default value for a transfer is set to be the same as the execute_on value of its corresponding sub-applications.
```

> There are several objects in framework having special default "execute_on":

Reviewer: can keep this sentence.
Or maybe say:
"Several objects in the framework have custom or selected default "execute_on" "

!listing framework/include/interfaces/SetupInterface.h

>          start=~SetupInterface()

Reviewer: start should be one line lower (not your mistake)

they remain as is to keep the API consistent: the "jacobianSetup" methods is called prior to the
"NONLINEAR" execute flag and the "residualSetup" is called prior to the "LINEAR" execute flag.

There is also a generic setup function "customSetup" that takes an execute flag as the argument.
This function is called by MOOSE when performing evaluations of objects on the custom execute flags
in [Creating Custom Execute Flags](#creating-custom-execute-flags).

> !alert warning title=Note on the setup function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!alert warning title=Note on the "customSetup" routine
```

This function is not called on *initial*, *timestep_begin*, *subdomain*, *nonlinear* and *linear*.
Setup operations for those execute flags should be implemented in *initialSetup*, *timestepSetup*,

> *subdomainSetup*, *jacobianSetup* and *residualSetup* functions accordingly. It is possible that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*subdomainSetup*, *jacobianSetup* and *residualSetup* functions respectively. It is possible that
```

> *subdomainSetup*, *jacobianSetup* and *residualSetup* functions accordingly. It is possible that
> these six setup functions are removed in favor of a generic setup function in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*subdomainSetup*, *jacobianSetup* and *residualSetup* functions accordingly.
```
let s not freak people out
